[Chore] Update the documentation to better conform to the USG (#76)
canonical/ubuntu-security-documentation: security-features/network/open-ports.rst

No open ports
=============

An "open port" is a network port bound to a service and actively listening for
incoming connections or packets.

Exposing open ports on untrusted networks poses a security risk if the
listening service has a vulnerability or is misconfigured.

Since Ubuntu 6.06 LTS (Dapper Drake), Ubuntu has followed a "No Open Ports"

> policy. By default, a new installation has no listening network services, with

Reviewer: Removed "should have".

Author: ```suggestion
policy. By default, a new installation should have no listening network services, with
```

only rare exceptions.

Guidelines for network services exposed by default
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

While default Ubuntu installations keep exposed network services to a minimum, we
allow some exceptions. These are limited to services that substantially improve
the out-of-the-box user experience.

All such network services must comply with the following guidelines.

> Expose local information to the network

Reviewer: Gerund feels better.

---------------------------------------

A default Ubuntu installation must not expose any application-level data to the
network unless the user explicitly requests it using a clear and understandable
interface.

.. note::
   Packages not included in the default installation may automatically expose
   application-level data to the network, as their installation requires
   explicit user action.

Automatically exposing global machine information at the IP network level is
acceptable. This includes the network controller's MAC address, IP address,
local hostname, and availability of network-facing services. For example, a
DHCP client broadcasts the device's MAC address during DHCP discovery.

Package or distribution upgrades must not expose any information not previously
exposed.

> Detect and use remote services

Reviewer: Gerund feels better.

The default Ubuntu Server installation must not detect any services offered by
other computers in the network.

Additional security considerations
----------------------------------

A process included in the default Ubuntu installation that accepts network
packets must be privilege-confined. Any potential arbitrary code execution
vulnerability in the process shouldn't be able to access user data or other
system processes. Typically, this means running the process under a system user
ID, possibly with restricted group memberships that don't grant root-equivalent
privileges.

Software that offers network services may have other security problems, such as
complexity, poor code quality, or inadequate upstream security response
processes. These issues make identifying and fixing vulnerabilities more
difficult. Therefore, we don't enable programs with such problems by default.

Sign-off process
----------------

The Ubuntu Technical Board and a member of the Ubuntu core developers' security
team must approve any software that listens on or is advertised to the network
in the default installation.

Exceptions to the "No Open Ports" policy
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> Notable exceptions to the "No Open Ports" policy include:

Author: I don't really like the sentence here in general, it doesn't feel necessary. We could just list the sub-sections directly. For now I've reverted the change but I think there's an argument to be made for its complete removal.
```suggestion
Notable exceptions to the "No Open Ports" policy are listed below.
```
